README.md, before:

# Blubs-Abenteuer
"Blubs Abenteuer" is a Serious Game for pre-school children to teach the basics of numeracy (numbers from 1 to 20, addition and substraction).
It was developed by [Maximilian Anzinger](https://github.com/MaximilianAnzinger) and [Georg Henning](https://github.com/Mauri2070) as IDP (interdisciplinary project) during the Master of Informatics at TUM (Technical University of Munich).
The development was guided by the team of Prof. Dr. Frank Niklas, professor for Educational Psychology and Family Studies at LMU (Ludwig-Maximilian Universtiy Munich).

## Opening the Unity Project
To open the Unity project, download the folder BlubsAbenteuerUnity, add it to your projects overview in Unity Hub and start the editor from there.
Depending on your installed versions you might have to select one to open the project first. The game was developed using Unity version 2020.3.15f2 and should work with Unity version 2020 LTS or newer.

## Playing the Game on Android
- Select the release "Final Game Release (V1.6.1)".
- Download "BlubsAbenteuer.apk".
- Copy the file to your Android device (Android 4.4 or newer).
- Make shure to allow the installation of applications from unknown sources on your Android device.
- Select the file on your Android device and type "install".
- You should be able to play the game after the installation process is finished.

## Playing the Game on PC
- Select the release "Final Game Release (V1.6.1)".
- Download "BlubsAbenteuerWindows.zip".
- Extract the content to an abitrary folder.
- Start the game with "BlubsAbenteuer.exe", no installation needed.

## Legal Disclaimer
This game was developed as part of an examination. Hence, all game code belongs to the University.

Most assets used in this game are available free of charge on www.freepik.com.
Assets used for number representations are taken from older apps of the Learning4Kids project and were made by Jan Essig, Dipl. Designer (FH).

Commit message:

Updated readme. Added report (submission date tbd).

README.md, after:

# Blubs-Abenteuer
"Blubs Abenteuer" is a Serious Game for preschool children to teach the basics of numeracy (numbers from 1 to 20, addition, and subtraction).
It was developed by [Maximilian Anzinger](https://github.com/MaximilianAnzinger) and [Georg Henning](https://github.com/Mauri2070) as IDP (interdisciplinary project) during the Master of Informatics at TUM (Technical University of Munich).
The development was guided by the [research team](https://www.psy.lmu.de/ffp_en/persons/ag-niklas/index.html) of Prof. Dr. Frank Niklas, professor for Educational Psychology and Family Studies at LMU ("Ludwig-Maximilian Universität München", University of Munich).

A scientific report about "Blubs Abenteuer" can be found in [BlubsAbenteuerReport.pdf](github.com/Mauri2070/Blubs-Abenteuer/BlubsAbenteuerReport.pdf).

## Opening the Unity Project
To open the Unity project, download the folder BlubsAbenteuerUnity, add it to your projects overview in the Unity Hub, and start the editor from there.
Depending on your installed Unity versions you might have to select one first to open the project. The game was developed using Unity version 2020.3.15f2 and should work with Unity version 2020 LTS or newer.

## Playing the Game on Android
- Select the release "Final Game Release".
- Download "BlubsAbenteuer.apk".
- Copy the file to your Android device (Android 4.4 or newer).
- Make sure to allow the installation of applications from unknown sources on your Android device.
- Select the file on your Android device and type "install".
- You should be able to play the game after the installation process is finished.

## Playing the Game on PC
- Select the release "Final Game Release".
- Download "BlubsAbenteuerWindows.zip".
- Extract the content to an arbitrary folder.
- Start the game with "BlubsAbenteuer.exe", no installation is needed.

## Legal Disclaimer
Most assets used in this game are available free of charge on www.freepik.com.
Assets used for number representations are taken from older apps of the Learning4Kids project and were made by Jan Essig, Dipl. Designer (FH).

The exclusive right of use lies with the University of Munich (LMU). For questions, you can contact [Prof. Dr. Frank Niklas](https://www.psy.lmu.de/ffp_en/persons/w2-professorship-2/niklas_frank/index.html).
